it's really a great day I've got money
Pacific Airlines today represents truly
the milepost in that journey as we go
forward
well the inspiration for California
Pacific Airlines came from our CEO and
Founder tech ballast he previously
operated an airline called air resorts
for 16 years at foo conquer five 80s
throughout the southwestern portion of
the United States and down through
Mexico and he had always had a desire to
try to develop a market the growing
market in northern San Diego and
starting in summer 2009 he started
putting in motion his plan to bring a
service to regional destinations around
the western US back
well our airline is designed to serve
northern San Diego the passengers
traveling to and from northern San Diego
using 72 C Embraer 170 our market is
designed for the business traveler but
also for the consumers either one has a
value proposition for business
travellers you have the savings of time
and which they can put forth to better
suppose a deal make more contacts for
business or for the leisure traveler if
the state means gas it's the state and
are more expensive parking and having to
fight your way in traffic up or down i-5
or i 15 to San Diego winter this will be
a much more convenient option and a
better way to fly her baggage we're
gonna have your first bag flies free and
we're not going to have a change so if
you make a change to your ticket ahead
of time they're not gonna get dinged one
hundred and fifty dollar fee to switch
it'll just be fair difference which
feels a much fairer proposition so we
can go ahead and make your bookie
without knowing who I'm locked in or or
my change fees could be three times what
the airline ticket cost
the Embraer 170 offered the best of both
worlds while we were looking for now for
the best short-field performance it was
perfectly adapted to our home in
Carlsbad but it also offered the best
passenger experience
the seats on the Embraer 170 are an inch
and a half wider than allowance at a
comparable 737 but also with the
two-by-two configuration there's no
middle seat so we've gotten rid of the
middleman when you travel to begin with
we're gonna have the Embraer 170 in the
semi to see configuration they'll be 48
seats toward the rear of the aircraft
with 31 inch pitch and we will have 24
seats with 36 hmm fish for a premium
economy product for business travelers
we'll probably exist in the minute there
are certain things that people love
about single low-cost we have a very
low-cost operation where Carlsbad it
allows us to be very competitive at the
current fare structure that exists in
San Diego but it also allows us to add
some of the perks that people like about
flying on on the legacy carriers you
have the ability for seat assignments
ahead of time for business travelers
there will be the ability to upgrade to
a rear seat and those are things they're
kind of they're picking items that
people like from the different airline
models to kind of come up with a middle
way
we're looking at having 20 aircrafts and
after five years in operation we're
looking at expanding our niche exciting
additional options from Carlsbad but
also looking at other potential
opportunities throughout the West
that we delivered this airplane from
Nashville Tennessee one of the most
remarkable feats like going from that
delivery was the landing itself you know
this is a short runway but this airplane
is perfectly suited and very well
designed for short runway operations
such as here we landed in the first 800
feet of the runway and breadth of the
airplane the cap CC just 1400 feet later
directly out in front of me from your
jet lobby and could have turned off at
1,400 feet down the runway so if
fermentis capability in this airplane
speaks well for the performance that we
will enjoy when this airplane and speaks
in safety of the operation that the
passengers will
as well
you